The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2016 Raymond A. Richards

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.


-------------------------------------------------------------------

Software under the br2_external and lxc directories in this software package
is distributed under the terms of the GNU General Public License, reproduced
in COPYING.md; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later
version.

Derivative works of ABD that do not use Buildroot or LXC may be distributed
using the MIT License as reproduced above or (at your option) GPL version 2
or (at your option) any later version of GPL.  Derivative works of ABD that
utilize Buildroot or LXC must be considered a derivative work of Buildroot or
LXC and therefore must be licensed under GPL version 2 or (at your option)
any later version of GPL.
